complete [-abcdefgjksuv] [-o comp-option] [-DE] [-A action] [-G globpat] [-W wordlist] [-F function] [-C command]
       [-X filterpat] [-P prefix] [-S suffix] name [name ...]
complete -pr [-DE] [name ...]
       Specify how arguments to each name should be completed.  If the -p option is supplied, or if no  options  are  sup‐
       plied,  existing  completion  specifications  are  printed in a way that allows them to be reused as input.  The -r
       option removes a completion specification for each name, or, if no names are supplied,  all  completion  specifica‐
       tions.  The -D option indicates that the remaining options and actions should apply to the ``default'' command com‐
       pletion; that is, completion attempted on a command for which no completion has previously been  defined.   The  -E
       option indicates that the remaining options and actions should apply to ``empty'' command completion; that is, com‐
       pletion attempted on a blank line.

       The process of applying these completion specifications when word completion is attempted is described above  under
       Programmable Completion.

       Other  options,  if  specified,  have the following meanings.  The arguments to the -G, -W, and -X options (and, if
       necessary, the -P and -S options) should be quoted to protect them from expansion before the  complete  builtin  is
       invoked.
       -o comp-option
               The comp-option controls several aspects of the compspec's behavior beyond the simple generation of comple‐
               tions.  comp-option may be one of:
               bashdefault
                       Perform the rest of the default bash completions if the compspec generates no matches.
               default Use readline's default filename completion if the compspec generates no matches.
               dirnames
                       Perform directory name completion if the compspec generates no matches.
               filenames
                       Tell readline that the compspec generates filenames, so it can perform any  filename-specific  pro‐
                       cessing  (like adding a slash to directory names, quoting special characters, or suppressing trail‐
                       ing spaces).  Intended to be used with shell functions.
               nospace Tell readline not to append a space (the default) to words completed at the end of the line.
               plusdirs
                       After any matches defined by the compspec are generated, directory name completion is attempted and
                       any matches are added to the results of the other actions.
       -A action
               The action may be one of the following to generate a list of possible completions:
               alias   Alias names.  May also be specified as -a.
               arrayvar
                       Array variable names.
               binding Readline key binding names.
               builtin Names of shell builtin commands.  May also be specified as -b.
               command Command names.  May also be specified as -c.
               directory
                       Directory names.  May also be specified as -d.
               disabled
                       Names of disabled shell builtins.
               enabled Names of enabled shell builtins.
               export  Names of exported shell variables.  May also be specified as -e.
               file    File names.  May also be specified as -f.
               function
                       Names of shell functions.
               group   Group names.  May also be specified as -g.
               helptopic
                       Help topics as accepted by the help builtin.
               hostname
                       Hostnames, as taken from the file specified by the HOSTFILE shell variable.
               job     Job names, if job control is active.  May also be specified as -j.
               keyword Shell reserved words.  May also be specified as -k.
               running Names of running jobs, if job control is active.
               service Service names.  May also be specified as -s.
               setopt  Valid arguments for the -o option to the set builtin.
               shopt   Shell option names as accepted by the shopt builtin.
               signal  Signal names.
               stopped Names of stopped jobs, if job control is active.
               user    User names.  May also be specified as -u.
               variable
                       Names of all shell variables.  May also be specified as -v.
       -C command
               command is executed in a subshell environment, and its output is used as the possible completions.
       -F function
               The  shell  function function is executed in the current shell environment.  When it finishes, the possible
               completions are retrieved from the value of the COMPREPLY array variable.
       -G globpat
               The pathname expansion pattern globpat is expanded to generate the possible completions.
       -P prefix
               prefix is added at the beginning of each possible completion after all other options have been applied.
       -S suffix
               suffix is appended to each possible completion after all other options have been applied.
       -W wordlist
               The wordlist is split using the characters in the IFS special variable as delimiters,  and  each  resultant
               word  is  expanded.   The  possible  completions are the members of the resultant list which match the word
               being completed.
       -X filterpat
               filterpat is a pattern as used for pathname expansion.  It is applied to the list of  possible  completions
               generated  by  the  preceding options and arguments, and each completion matching filterpat is removed from
               the list.  A leading ! in filterpat negates the pattern; in this case, any completion not matching  filter‐
               pat is removed.

       The  return value is true unless an invalid option is supplied, an option other than -p or -r is supplied without a
       name argument, an attempt is made to remove a completion specification  for  a  name  for  which  no  specification
       exists, or an error occurs adding a completion specification.
