declare [-aAfFgilrtux] [-p] [name[=value] ...]
typeset [-aAfFgilrtux] [-p] [name[=value] ...]
       Declare variables and/or give them attributes.  If no names are given then display the values of variables.  The -p
       option will display the attributes and values of each name.  When  -p  is  used  with  name  arguments,  additional
       options  are ignored.  When -p is supplied without name arguments, it will display the attributes and values of all
       variables having the attributes specified by the additional options.  If no other options  are  supplied  with  -p,
       declare  will display the attributes and values of all shell variables.  The -f option will restrict the display to
       shell functions.  The -F option inhibits the display of function definitions; only the function name and attributes
       are  printed.   If the extdebug shell option is enabled using shopt, the source file name and line number where the
       function is defined are displayed as well.  The -F option implies -f.  The -g option forces variables to be created
       or  modified  at  the  global scope, even when declare is executed in a shell function.  It is ignored in all other
       cases.  The following options can be used to restrict output to variables with the specified attribute or  to  give
       variables attributes:
       -a     Each name is an indexed array variable (see Arrays above).
       -A     Each name is an associative array variable (see Arrays above).
       -f     Use function names only.
       -i     The  variable is treated as an integer; arithmetic evaluation (see ARITHMETIC EVALUATION above) is performed
              when the variable is assigned a value.
       -l     When the variable is assigned a value, all upper-case characters are converted to  lower-case.   The  upper-
              case attribute is disabled.
       -r     Make  names  readonly.   These  names  cannot then be assigned values by subsequent assignment statements or
              unset.
       -t     Give each name the trace attribute.  Traced functions inherit the DEBUG and RETURN traps  from  the  calling
              shell.  The trace attribute has no special meaning for variables.
       -u     When  the  variable  is assigned a value, all lower-case characters are converted to upper-case.  The lower-
              case attribute is disabled.
       -x     Mark names for export to subsequent commands via the environment.

       Using `+' instead of `-' turns off the attribute instead, with the exceptions that +a may not be used to destroy an
       array  variable  and +r will not remove the readonly attribute.  When used in a function, makes each name local, as
       with the local command, unless the -g option is supplied, If a variable name is followed by =value,  the  value  of
       the variable is set to value.  The return value is 0 unless an invalid option is encountered, an attempt is made to
       define a function using ``-f foo=bar'', an attempt is made to assign a value to a readonly variable, an attempt  is
       made to assign a value to an array variable without using the compound assignment syntax (see Arrays above), one of
       the names is not a valid shell variable name, an attempt is made to turn off readonly status for a  readonly  vari‐
       able,  an  attempt  is made to turn off array status for an array variable, or an attempt is made to display a non-
       existent function with -f.
