getopts optstring name [args]
       getopts is used by shell procedures to parse positional parameters.  optstring contains the option characters to be
       recognized; if a character is followed by a colon, the option is expected to have an argument, which should be sep‐
       arated from it by white space.  The colon and question mark characters may not be used as option characters.   Each
       time  it  is  invoked,  getopts places the next option in the shell variable name, initializing name if it does not
       exist, and the index of the next argument to be processed into the variable OPTIND.  OPTIND  is  initialized  to  1
       each  time  the shell or a shell script is invoked.  When an option requires an argument, getopts places that argu‐
       ment into the variable OPTARG.  The shell does not reset OPTIND automatically; it must be  manually  reset  between
       multiple calls to getopts within the same shell invocation if a new set of parameters is to be used.

       When  the end of options is encountered, getopts exits with a return value greater than zero.  OPTIND is set to the
       index of the first non-option argument, and name is set to ?.

       getopts normally parses the positional parameters, but if more arguments are given in args,  getopts  parses  those
       instead.

       getopts  can  report errors in two ways.  If the first character of optstring is a colon, silent error reporting is
       used.  In normal operation diagnostic messages are printed when invalid options or  missing  option  arguments  are
       encountered.   If the variable OPTERR is set to 0, no error messages will be displayed, even if the first character
       of optstring is not a colon.

       If an invalid option is seen, getopts places ? into name and, if not silent, prints an  error  message  and  unsets
       OPTARG.  If getopts is silent, the option character found is placed in OPTARG and no diagnostic message is printed.

       If  a  required  argument is not found, and getopts is not silent, a question mark (?) is placed in name, OPTARG is
       unset, and a diagnostic message is printed.  If getopts is silent, then a colon (:) is placed in name and OPTARG is
       set to the option character found.

       getopts  returns  true if an option, specified or unspecified, is found.  It returns false if the end of options is
       encountered or an error occurs.
