history [n]
history -c
history -d offset
history -anrw [filename]
history -p arg [arg ...]
history -s arg [arg ...]
       With no options, display the command history list with line numbers.  Lines listed with a * have been modified.  An
       argument of n lists only the last n lines.  If the shell variable HISTTIMEFORMAT is set and not null, it is used as
       a  format string for strftime(3) to display the time stamp associated with each displayed history entry.  No inter‐
       vening blank is printed between the formatted time stamp and the history line.  If filename is supplied, it is used
       as  the  name of the history file; if not, the value of HISTFILE is used.  Options, if supplied, have the following
       meanings:
       -c     Clear the history list by deleting all the entries.
       -d offset
              Delete the history entry at position offset.
       -a     Append the ``new'' history lines (history lines entered since the beginning of the current bash session)  to
              the history file.
       -n     Read  the  history  lines  not  already read from the history file into the current history list.  These are
              lines appended to the history file since the beginning of the current bash session.
       -r     Read the contents of the history file and use them as the current history.
       -w     Write the current history to the history file, overwriting the history file's contents.
       -p     Perform history substitution on the following args and display the result on the standard output.  Does  not
              store the results in the history list.  Each arg must be quoted to disable normal history expansion.
       -s     Store  the  args  in  the  history  list as a single entry.  The last command in the history list is removed
              before the args are added.

       If the HISTTIMEFORMAT variable is set, the time stamp information associated with each history entry is written  to
       the  history  file, marked with the history comment character.  When the history file is read, lines beginning with
       the history comment character followed immediately by a digit are interpreted as timestamps for the  previous  his‐
       tory line.  The return value is 0 unless an invalid option is encountered, an error occurs while reading or writing
       the history file, an invalid offset is supplied as an argument to -d, or the history expansion supplied as an argu‐
       ment to -p fails.
