read [-ers] [-a aname] [-d delim] [-i text] [-n nchars] [-N nchars] [-p prompt] [-t timeout] [-u fd] [name ...]
       One line is read from the standard input, or from the file descriptor fd supplied as an argument to the -u  option,
       and  the  first  word  is  assigned to the first name, the second word to the second name, and so on, with leftover
       words and their intervening separators assigned to the last name.  If there are fewer words  read  from  the  input
       stream than names, the remaining names are assigned empty values.  The characters in IFS are used to split the line
       into words.  The backslash character (\) may be used to remove any special meaning for the next character read  and
       for line continuation.  Options, if supplied, have the following meanings:
       -a aname
              The  words  are  assigned  to sequential indices of the array variable aname, starting at 0.  aname is unset
              before any new values are assigned.  Other name arguments are ignored.
       -d delim
              The first character of delim is used to terminate the input line, rather than newline.
       -e     If the standard input is coming from a terminal, readline (see READLINE above) is used to obtain  the  line.
              Readline uses the current (or default, if line editing was not previously active) editing settings.
       -i text
              If readline is being used to read the line, text is placed into the editing buffer before editing begins.
       -n nchars
              read  returns  after reading nchars characters rather than waiting for a complete line of input, but honor a
              delimiter if fewer than nchars characters are read before the delimiter.
       -N nchars
              read returns after reading exactly nchars characters rather than waiting  for  a  complete  line  of  input,
              unless  EOF is encountered or read times out.  Delimiter characters encountered in the input are not treated
              specially and do not cause read to return until nchars characters are read.
       -p prompt
              Display prompt on standard error, without a trailing newline, before attempting  to  read  any  input.   The
              prompt is displayed only if input is coming from a terminal.
       -r     Backslash does not act as an escape character.  The backslash is considered to be part of the line.  In par‐
              ticular, a backslash-newline pair may not be used as a line continuation.
       -s     Silent mode.  If input is coming from a terminal, characters are not echoed.
       -t timeout
              Cause read to time out and return failure if a complete line of input is not read  within  timeout  seconds.
              timeout  may be a decimal number with a fractional portion following the decimal point.  This option is only
              effective if read is reading input from a terminal, pipe, or other special file; it has no effect when read‐
              ing  from  regular files.  If timeout is 0, read returns success if input is available on the specified file
              descriptor, failure otherwise.  The exit status is greater than 128 if the timeout is exceeded.
       -u fd  Read input from file descriptor fd.

       If no names are supplied, the line read is assigned to the variable REPLY.  The return code is zero, unless end-of-
       file  is  encountered,  read  times  out  (in  which  case the return code is greater than 128), or an invalid file
       descriptor is supplied as the argument to -u.
