set [--abefhkmnptuvxBCEHPT] [-o option-name] [arg ...]
set [+abefhkmnptuvxBCEHPT] [+o option-name] [arg ...]
       Without  options,  the  name and value of each shell variable are displayed in a format that can be reused as input
       for setting or resetting the currently-set variables.  Read-only variables cannot be reset.  In  posix  mode,  only
       shell  variables  are  listed.   The output is sorted according to the current locale.  When options are specified,
       they set or unset shell attributes.  Any arguments remaining after option processing are treated as values for  the
       positional  parameters  and  are assigned, in order, to $1, $2, ...  $n.  Options, if specified, have the following
       meanings:
       -a      Automatically mark variables and functions which are modified or created for export to the  environment  of
               subsequent commands.
       -b      Report  the  status  of terminated background jobs immediately, rather than before the next primary prompt.
               This is effective only when job control is enabled.
       -e      Exit immediately if a pipeline (which may consist of a single simple command),  a subshell command enclosed
               in  parentheses,  or  one  of the commands executed as part of a command list enclosed by braces (see SHELL
               GRAMMAR above) exits with a non-zero status.  The shell does not exit if the command that fails is part  of
               the  command list immediately following a while or until keyword, part of the test following the if or elif
               reserved words, part of any command executed in a && or || list except the command following the  final  &&
               or  ||,  any command in a pipeline but the last, or if the command's return value is being inverted with !.
               A trap on ERR, if set, is executed before the shell exits.  This option applies to  the  shell  environment
               and each subshell environment separately (see COMMAND EXECUTION ENVIRONMENT above), and may cause subshells
               to exit before executing all the commands in the subshell.
       -f      Disable pathname expansion.
       -h      Remember the location of commands as they are looked up for execution.  This is enabled by default.
       -k      All arguments in the form of assignment statements are placed in the environment for a  command,  not  just
               those that precede the command name.
       -m      Monitor mode.  Job control is enabled.  This option is on by default for interactive shells on systems that
               support it (see JOB CONTROL above).  Background processes run in a separate process group and a  line  con‐
               taining their exit status is printed upon their completion.
       -n      Read  commands  but do not execute them.  This may be used to check a shell script for syntax errors.  This
               is ignored by interactive shells.
       -o option-name
               The option-name can be one of the following:
               allexport
                       Same as -a.
               braceexpand
                       Same as -B.
               emacs   Use an emacs-style command line editing interface.  This is enabled by default when  the  shell  is
                       interactive,  unless the shell is started with the --noediting option.  This also affects the edit‐
                       ing interface used for read -e.
               errexit Same as -e.
               errtrace
                       Same as -E.
               functrace
                       Same as -T.
               hashall Same as -h.
               histexpand
                       Same as -H.
               history Enable command history, as described above under HISTORY.  This option is on by default in interac‐
                       tive shells.
               ignoreeof
                       The  effect  is  as  if  the  shell command ``IGNOREEOF=10'' had been executed (see Shell Variables
                       above).
               keyword Same as -k.
               monitor Same as -m.
               noclobber
                       Same as -C.
               noexec  Same as -n.
               noglob  Same as -f.
               nolog   Currently ignored.
               notify  Same as -b.
               nounset Same as -u.
               onecmd  Same as -t.
               physical
                       Same as -P.
               pipefail
                       If set, the return value of a pipeline is the value of the last (rightmost) command to exit with  a
                       non-zero  status,  or  zero if all commands in the pipeline exit successfully.  This option is dis‐
                       abled by default.
               posix   Change the behavior of bash where the default operation differs from the POSIX  standard  to  match
                       the standard (posix mode).
               privileged
                       Same as -p.
               verbose Same as -v.
               vi      Use  a  vi-style  command line editing interface.  This also affects the editing interface used for
                       read -e.
               xtrace  Same as -x.
               If -o is supplied with no option-name, the values of the current options are printed.  If  +o  is  supplied
               with  no  option-name, a series of set commands to recreate the current option settings is displayed on the
               standard output.
       -p      Turn on privileged mode.  In this mode, the $ENV and $BASH ENV files are not processed, shell functions are
               not  inherited from the environment, and the SHELLOPTS, BASHOPTS, CDPATH, and GLOBIGNORE variables, if they
               appear in the environment, are ignored.  If the shell is started with the effective  user  (group)  id  not
               equal  to  the  real  user  (group)  id, and the -p option is not supplied, these actions are taken and the
               effective user id is set to the real user id.  If the -p option is supplied at startup, the effective  user
               id  is  not  reset.   Turning this option off causes the effective user and group ids to be set to the real
               user and group ids.
       -t      Exit after reading and executing one command.
       -u      Treat unset variables and parameters other than the special parameters "@" and "*" as an  error  when  per‐
               forming parameter expansion.  If expansion is attempted on an unset variable or parameter, the shell prints
               an error message, and, if not interactive, exits with a non-zero status.
       -v      Print shell input lines as they are read.
       -x      After expanding each simple command, for command, case command, select command, or arithmetic for  command,
               display  the  expanded  value of PS4, followed by the command and its expanded arguments or associated word
               list.
       -B      The shell performs brace expansion (see Brace Expansion above).  This is on by default.
       -C      If set, bash does not overwrite an existing file with the >, >&, and <> redirection operators.  This may be
               overridden when creating output files by using the redirection operator >| instead of >.
       -E      If  set, any trap on ERR is inherited by shell functions, command substitutions, and commands executed in a
               subshell environment.  The ERR trap is normally not inherited in such cases.
       -H      Enable !  style history substitution.  This option is on by default when the shell is interactive.
       -P      If set, the shell does not follow symbolic links when executing commands such as cd that change the current
               working directory.  It uses the physical directory structure instead.  By default, bash follows the logical
               chain of directories when performing commands which change the current directory.
       -T      If set, any traps on DEBUG and RETURN are inherited by shell functions, command substitutions, and commands
               executed in a subshell environment.  The DEBUG and RETURN traps are normally not inherited in such cases.
       --      If  no  arguments  follow this option, then the positional parameters are unset.  Otherwise, the positional
               parameters are set to the args, even if some of them begin with a -.
       -       Signal the end of options, cause all remaining args to be assigned to the positional  parameters.   The  -x
               and -v options are turned off.  If there are no args, the positional parameters remain unchanged.

       The  options  are  off  by default unless otherwise noted.  Using + rather than - causes these options to be turned
       off.  The options can also be specified as arguments to an invocation of the shell.  The current set of options may
       be found in $-.  The return status is always true unless an invalid option is encountered.
