trap [-lp] [[arg] sigspec ...]
       The command arg is to be read and executed when the shell receives signal(s) sigspec.  If arg is absent (and  there
       is  a  single  sigspec)  or  -,  each  specified signal is reset to its original disposition (the value it had upon
       entrance to the shell).  If arg is the null string the signal specified by each sigspec is ignored by the shell and
       by the commands it invokes.  If arg is not present and -p has been supplied, then the trap commands associated with
       each sigspec are displayed.  If no arguments are supplied or if only -p is given, trap prints the list of  commands
       associated  with each signal.  The -l option causes the shell to print a list of signal names and their correspond‐
       ing numbers.  Each sigspec is either a signal name defined in <signal.h>, or a signal  number.   Signal  names  are
       case insensitive and the SIG prefix is optional.

       If  a  sigspec  is EXIT (0) the command arg is executed on exit from the shell.  If a sigspec is DEBUG, the command
       arg is executed before every simple command, for command, case command, select command, every arithmetic  for  com‐
       mand,  and  before the first command executes in a shell function (see SHELL GRAMMAR above).  Refer to the descrip‐
       tion of the extdebug option to the shopt builtin for details of its effect on the DEBUG  trap.   If  a  sigspec  is
       RETURN,  the  command arg is executed each time a shell function or a script executed with the . or source builtins
       finishes executing.

       If a sigspec is ERR, the command arg is executed whenever a simple command has a non-zero exit status,  subject  to
       the  following  conditions.  The ERR trap is not executed if the failed command is part of the command list immedi‐
       ately following a while or until keyword, part of the test in an if statement, part of a command executed in  a  &&
       or  || list, or if the command's return value is being inverted via !.  These are the same conditions obeyed by the
       errexit option.

       Signals ignored upon entry to the shell cannot be trapped or reset.  Trapped signals that are not being ignored are
       reset  to  their  original  values in a subshell or subshell environment when one is created.  The return status is
       false if any sigspec is invalid; otherwise trap returns true.
